chore: update package configuration (#97)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/user/package_conf/index.md

  -H "Authorization:<API_TOKEN>"
```

### Option 3: Plugin configuration

Maven, SBT and Gradle plugin offer commands to upload the generated package if properly configured.

> Check [maven, gradle, SBT plugin extensions](https://gatling.io/docs/gatling/reference/current/extensions/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Maven, Gradle, and SBT plugins documentation](https://gatling.io/docs/gatling/reference/current/extensions/) for more information.
```
